added description of status (#393)
civicrm/civicrm-user-guide: docs/contributions/key-concepts-and-configurations.md

    then you will need to configure accepted credit cards/payment methods on 
    that site.

## Status

All Contributions have one Status, the most common are:

> **Pending (Pay Later)** indicates a contribution that has been entered but payment is not yet received.  This is usually by paper or electronic check.

Reviewer: @Stoob not sure but maybe also include "Pay Later event registrations" as another reason of this status?

Author: Perhaps but this is under the Contributions section, and contributions could be Event Fee, Donations, or any number of other financial transactions.  Do we need to mention events?

> **Pending (Pay Later)** indicates a contribution that has been entered but payment is not yet received.  This is usually by paper or electronic check.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Pending (Pay Later)** indicates a contribution that has been entered but payment has not yet been received.  This is usually used for payments to be made with cash, check or other deferred payment options.
```

> **Pending (Incomplete)** was entered into CiviCRM and sent to online processing.  However, either payment was not completed at the processor, or a response from the processor was not yet received.  Contributions perpetually stuck in this status in CiviCRM yet completed at the processor warrant investigation of the communications between the two systems.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Pending (Incomplete)** indicates a contribution which was entered into CiviCRM and sent to online processing.  However, either payment was not completed at the processor or a response from the processor was not yet received.  Contributions perpetually stuck in this status in CiviCRM yet completed at the processor warrant investigation of the communications between the two systems.
```

> **Failed** was entered into CiviCRM and forwarded for processing.  However, the process declined, rejected or received an error and returned this result to CiviCRM..

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Failed** indicates a contribution which was entered into CiviCRM and forwarded for processing.  However, the payment processor responded with declined, rejected or an error and returned this result to CiviCRM.
```

> **Completed** entered into CiviCRM and payment processed and response received successfully.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Completed** indicates a contribution which was entered into CiviCRM, the payment has been processed and an affirmative response received successfully.
```

> Other status such as In Progress, Overdue, Partially Paid are used by  optional features for partial payments and automatic recurring payments.  Changing the labels of Contribution Status is possible at  **Administer > System Settings > Option Groups** but adding additional status is not recommended as it may interfere with the accounting validation of CiviCRM.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Other statuses such as _In Progress_, _Overdue_, _Partially Paid_ are used by optional features for partial payments and automatic recurring payments.  Changing the labels of Contribution Statuses is possible at  **Administer > System Settings > Option Groups** but adding additional statuses is not recommended as it may interfere with the accounting setup of CiviCRM and may affect various accounting integrations which rely on custom statuses.
```
